What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	When I initialize a repository, I create special folders and files 
	that help me to save all history of changes. History of changes	helps me
	to more precisely understand how my project grew up, helps me to find my
	bugs more faster, and track my changes. 

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	
	Staging Area is stage of manipulating with files in WD (working dir).
	It helps to choose either file you want or not to see in your history.
	It works like a filter stage.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	Some times logical change touche only few files from folder. If I would commit 
	all files from project it would call confusion, since not all files are need 
	for commit. No logic if for example I change style of site and commit all project.
	It's better to commit only changed files. 

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	It's helpful when I experiment with my project, add new features but I don't want to risk, 
	or I need working example. I can create new branch and work with it.
	Branches create separate history that is not influence by other histories.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	Diagrams show in graphical form relationships of branches. Also they help 
	to find place of bifurcation.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	The result of merging is a branch with all features from all branches.
	We represent it in diagram because it helps to understand which branch and commits were earlier

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	
	Automatic merging takes less time, but sometimes git just can not solve confilcts between versions.
	Merges manually is exhausting, but it helps to solve all conflicts and it gives some garanty that 
	code will work. 